Summative 1 Rubric Notes:

Treaty of Waitangi - Establish an approach to encorperate TOW into the product design. Koha, language options considerations, visual components, study symbols etc to make sure they are not 
offensive and are appropriate for the application.

Understand Visual Design principles - Yoobee core best practices(Blackboard) - dont stress, just use common sense - Colour, contrast, alignment, proximity etc.
Round elements with straight elements - flat graphics vs 3d graphics > try not to mix and match.


Apply UX design techniques - User testing , competitor analysis, user journeys on (ideal product or competative product or own product)

Test design prototypes - surveys, interveiws, lofi wireframes, style tiles -- iterative multiple tests with users

Produce CSS using CSS pre processor - SASS

Advanced HTML CSS Javascript - dont need javascript - what is advanced HTML & CSS? Not too much code or unnecissary classes, class names and mixin names help you, 
sectional Css sections, comments to help find and understand CSS and Html.  

Use and develope statergy - UX/UI is not are it must have a purpose - brand identity 

Develop Usability standards - User testing - make sure code is healthy and functional - Use a validator (CSS HTML JAVASCRIPT) can justify for reasons/warnings not followed.

Select CSS methodology - Use css consistantly 

Participate in group project - user testing and using user testing information and documentation for it

Presentation - Slide show presentation, potentially 2 days for presentation. Finish project by wednesday of final week.   

Understand and abide by standard copywrite - declare copywrited materials, document copywrited items.



Failed submissons have 2 weeks from the declaration of the failed submission - a form will be given to you to describe the new submission date and what was missed.
Submission 2 fails you have a 3rd attempt - another 2 weeks is given.
If sub 3 fails - you have no more attempts, and Mike Williams has to request another submission (extreamly unlikely) 